Add `include` query parameter and be more explicit about top-level `included` (#219)
Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe: optimade.rst

- **included**: a list of `JSON API resource objects <http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-resource-objects>`__ related to the primary data contained in :field:`data`.
  Responses that contain related resources under :field:`included` are known as `compound documents <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-compound-documents>`__ in the JSON API.
  

>   The definition of this field is similar to that found in the `JSON API specification <http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#fetching-includes>`__.

Reviewer: Why "similar"? Is it not exactly the field as standardized in the `JSON API specification`?

Author: Yes, you're right.

>   The definition of this field is similar to that found ind the `JSON API specification <http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#fetching-includes>`__.

Reviewer 2: ind -> in

  All related resource objects MUST be returned as part of an array value for the top-level :field:`included` field, see section `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

  The value of :query-param:`include` MUST be a comma-separated list of "relationship paths", as defined in the `JSON API <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#fetching-includes>`__.
  If relationship paths are not supported, or a server is unable to identify a relationship path a :http-error:`400 Bad Request` response MUST be made.

  The **default value** for :query-param:`include` is :query-val:`references`.
  This means :entry:`references` entries MUST always be included under the top-level field :field:`included` as default, since a server assumes if :query-param:`include` is not specified by a client in the request, it is still specified as :query-string:`include=references`.
  Note, if a client explicitly specifies :query-param:`include` and leaves out :query-val:`references`, :entry:`references` resource objects MUST NOT be included under the top-level field :field:`included`, as per the definition of :field:`included`, see section `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

>     **Note**: If a client wishes to explicitly exclude any related resource objects being returned under the top-level field :field:`included`, they can write :query-string:`?include=`.

Reviewer: I find "they can write" to not be perfectly clear in the context of a query; so perhaps?
```suggestion
    **Note**: Setting the query parameter :query-param:`include` to the empty string means no related resource objects are returned under the top-level field :field:`included`.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe better to change `are returned` to `are to be returned` to stress the request-response relation?

Reviewer: Looking at my rewrite today, I also realize that the point of view (API or client) got a bit muddled, so perhaps it is better with:

-----

A query with the parameter :query-param:`include` set to the empty string means no related resource objects are to be returned under the top-level field :field:`included`.

-----

  The field :field:`sortable` is in addition to each property description (and optional unit).
  An example is shown in section `Entry Listing Info Endpoints`_.

- **include**: A server MAY implement the JSON API concept of returning `compound documents <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#document-compound-documents>`__ by utilizing the :query-param:`include` query parameter as specified by `JSON API 1.0 <https://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/#fetching-includes>`__.

  All related resource objects MUST be returned as part of an array value for the top-level :field:`included` field, see section `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

>   The value of :query-param:`include` MUST be a comma-separated list of relationship paths.

Reviewer 2: It doesn't seem that we have defined "relationship path" anywhere. Thus the term needs explanation, either here, or in the section "Term Definitions" (this would make the term reusable elsewhere).

Author: These lines are taken directly from the JSON API. But we can surely re-define them.

>   A relationships path is a dot-separated list of relationship names.

Reviewer 2: relationships path -> relationship path

>   Relationship paths MAY be supported.

Reviewer 2: This sounds strange given the previous requirement:
> The value of `include` MUST be a comma-separated list of relationship paths.

Author: Yeah, I'll see if I can reword it a bit.

  If relationship paths are not supported, or a server is unable to identify a relationship path a :http-error:`400 Bad Request` response MUST be made.

  The **default value** for :query-param:`include` is :query-val:`references`.

> 

Reviewer 2: No need for a separate paragraph.

Author: I wanted it to stand out :)

  This means :entry:`references` entries MUST always be included under the top-level field :field:`included` as default, since a server assumes if :query-param:`include` is not specified by a client in the request, it is still specified as :query-string:`include=references`.
  Note, if a client explicitly specifies :query-param:`include` and leaves out :query-val:`references`, :entry:`references` resource objects MUST NOT be included under the top-level field :field:`included`, as per the definition of :field:`included`, see section `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

>   Since an empty query parameter value is never allowed (due to the requirements on value types for each query parameter), :entry:`references` can only be omitted on behalf of other related resource object types.

Author: Personally, I am most in doubt about this line. Looking around, I cannot find anything about returning empty query parameter values. But also, I don't like that we do not have the option to leave out all related resource objects.

Reviewer 2: Exactly. I would then either remove this sentence, or change it to define the behavior of `include=`.
